---
layout: about
---

Pitchford is a campaign for the Weaverdice boardgame set in the fictional city 
of the same name between February and July 2011. It is designed for a single 
Gamemaster to run a series of one on one sessions with up to five players, 
though currently there are {{site.playercount}} completed player arcs.

## How to approach this campaign

So, you’ve decided to take the leap and Game Master a Weaverdice campaign. 
Maybe this is your first campaign, or maybe you’ve run a dozen campaigns 
before. Either way, it is worth reading this section to take as much advantage 
over the detailed gameplay in the campaign as possible.

Rather than a traditional tabletop party system, Weaverdice is often played 
one on one with a player. There are still multiple players in a campaign, but 
they tend to follow their own paths and carry out their plans without 
coordinating with other players. Pitchford is designed with this playstyle in 
mind, with multiple storylines available which one player will take each. 
These storylines are designed to play out concurrently, so player actions 
affect the world and the experience of other players.

With that in mind, it is often the case that who gets to play rotates between 
sessions, and when each player has completed a session, an ‘arc’ of the story 
has been complete. How strictly you, the GM, want to follow this rule is 
entirely up to you!

Since these storylines approach the city of Pitchford in different ways, 
hopefully you end up with players with different goals. If this isn’t the 
case, you may need to adapt some of the storylines, or duplicate them using 
different capes so two or more players can follow a similar goal in the city. 
Alternatively, you can make player goals an essential part of your player 
selection or application.

The campaign is designed so that the characters and locations do not overlap 
in a particular timeslot. So, for instance, if the vigilantes first session is 
stalking the mercenary Smudge back to their base and rifling through their 
documents and computer data, Smudge will not appear as an interactable 
character in any other sessions for that ‘arc,’ so that the order of play can 
be mixed up to suit your schedule. Between arcs, this becomes a little more 
difficult to manage, but there will be notes included of possible adaptations 
you can make.

Each session will have a suggested difficulty and how the player might make it 
easier on themselves. This is not a guarantee, however! Some players will have 
a power that easily affords itself to countering Stranger classification 
capes, but will find themselves really struggling to deal with a Blaster in a 
supposedly easy session.
